---
title: 'List of CCAvenue Response Parameters & Error Codes'
description: 'List of CCAvenue Response Parameters & Error Codes'
published_at: '2017-08-12T00:00:00.000Z'
category: 'How To'
tags: 'cc avenue'
---

# List of CCAvenue Response Parameters & Error Codes

## List of CCAvenue Response Code

<table class="table table-zebra w-full">
  <thead>
    <tr><th>Name</th><th>Description</th><th>Type (length)</th></tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr><td>order_id</td><td>Unique ID sent by the merchant at the time of initiating the transaction.</td><td>Alphanumeric (30)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>tracking_id</td><td>Unique payment reference number generated by CCAvenue for each order.</td><td>Numeric (12)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>bank_ref_no</td><td>Reference number generated by the bank for the transaction.</td><td>Alphanumeric</td></tr>
    <tr><td>order_status</td><td>Status of the transaction. Success Failure Aborted Invalid</td><td>Alphabets (15)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>failure_message</td><td>Reason for failure.</td><td>Alphanumeric</td></tr>
    <tr><td>payment_mode</td><td>Mode of payment used by the customer Credit Card Net banking Debit Card Cash Card Mobile Payment</td><td>Alphabets</td></tr>
    <tr><td>card_name</td><td>The name of the card/bank used by the customer to make the payment. Credit Card - Visa, Mastercard, Amex Netbanking - ICICI, HDFC, SBI etc.</td><td>Alphanumeric</td></tr>
    <tr><td>status_code</td><td>Authorization code received from the bank.</td><td>Numeric (3)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>status_message</td><td>Authorization status message received from the bank.</td><td>Alphanumeric (150)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>currency</td><td>Currency code in which the transaction was processed. INR - Indian Rupee USD - United States Dollar SGD - Singapore Dollar GBP - Pound Sterling EUR - Euro, official currency of Eurozone</td><td>Alphabets (3)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>amount</td><td>Order amount</td><td>Numeric (12, 2)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>billing_ name</td><td>Name of the customer</td><td>Alphabets (60)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>billing_ address</td><td>Customer's billing address</td><td>Alphanumeric (150)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>billing_ city</td><td>Customer's billing city</td><td>Alphabets (30)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>billing_ state</td><td>Customer's billing state</td><td>Alphabets (30)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>billing_ zip</td><td>Customer's billing zip code</td><td>Alphanumeric (15)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>billing_ country</td><td>Customer's billing country</td><td>Alphabets (50)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>billing_ tel</td><td>Customer's phone number</td><td>Numeric (20)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>billing_ email</td><td>Customer's email address</td><td>Alphanumeric (70)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>delivery_ name</td><td>Recipient's name</td><td>Alphabets (60)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>delivery_ address</td><td>Shipping address</td><td>Alphanumeric (150)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>delivery_ city</td><td>Shipping city</td><td>Alphabets (30)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>delivery_ state</td><td>Shipping state</td><td>Alphabets (30)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>delivery_ zip</td><td>Shipping zip code</td><td>Alphanumeric (15)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>delivery_ country</td><td>Shipping country</td><td>Alphabets (50)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>delivery_ tel</td><td>Shipping phone number</td><td>Numeric (22)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>merchant_param1</td><td>Additional information about the transaction sent by the merchant.</td><td>Alphanumeric (100)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>merchant_param2</td><td>Additional information about the transaction sent by the merchant.</td><td>Alphanumeric (100)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>merchant_param3</td><td>Additional information about the transaction sent by the merchant.</td><td>Alphanumeric (100)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>merchant_param4</td><td>Additional information about the transaction sent by the merchant.</td><td>Alphanumeric (100)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>merchant_param5</td><td>Additional information about the transaction sent by the merchant.</td><td>Alphanumeric (100)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>vault</td><td>This parameter can be used if merchant availing the vault option. On using vault functionality if card details are saved at CCAvenue end value returned will be Y. If card details are not saved at CCAvenue end the value returned for this parameter will be N.</td><td>Character (1)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>offer_type</td><td>This parameter can be used for sending additional information if customer has used any discount or promotion while completing the transaction. If customer is using discount-coupon, value of this parameter would be discount. If customer is using promo-code, value of this parameter would be promotion.</td><td>Alphabets (9)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>offer_code</td><td>This parameter can be used for sending additional information about the discount coupon and Promo code used while completing the transaction. If customer has used Discount the value sent would be Discount code. If customer has used Promotion the value sent would be Promo code.</td><td>Alphanumeric (30)</td></tr>
    <tr><td>discount_value</td><td>This parameter can be used for sending additional information about the discounted amount.</td><td>Numeric (12,2)</td></tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

## List of CCAvenue Error Codes

<table class="table table-zebra w-full">
  <thead>
    <tr><th>Error Code</th><th>Short Message</th><th>Long Message</th><th>Correcting this Error</th></tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr><td>10002</td><td>Authentication Failed</td><td>Merchant Authentication failed</td><td>This error can be caused by an incorrect merchant ID, an incorrect access code, or if the order originates from an unregistered URL. Make sure that all three of these values are correct. For your security, CCAvenue does not report exactly which of these three values might be in error.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21001</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>order_id:Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the order_id parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21002</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>currency: Required paramter missing</td><td>Ensure that the currency parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21003</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>amount:Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the amount parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21004</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>billing_name: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the billing_name parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21005</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>billing_address: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the billing_address parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21006</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>billing_city: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the billing_city parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21007</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>billing_state: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the billing_state parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21008</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>billing_zip: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the billing_zip parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21009</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>billing_country: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the billing_country parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21010</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>billing_tel: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the billing_tel parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21011</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>billing_email: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the billing_email parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21012</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>delivery_name: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the delivery_name parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21013</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>delivery_address: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the delivery_address parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21014</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>delivery_city: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the billing_city parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21015</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>delivery_state: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the delivery_state parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21016</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>delivery_zip: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the delivery_zip parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21017</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>delivery_country: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the delivery_country parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21018</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>delivery_tel: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the delivery_tel parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21020</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>card_name: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the card_name parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21021</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>card_type: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the card_type parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21022</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>payment_option: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the payment_option parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21023</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>card_number: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the card_number parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21024</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>expiry_month: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the expiry_month parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21025</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>expiry_year: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the expiry_year parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21026</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>cvv_number: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the cvv_number parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21027</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>issuing_bank: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the issuing_bank parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21028</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>emi_plan_id: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the emi_plan_id parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21029</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>emi_tenure_id: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the emi_tenure_id parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21031</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>mm_id: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the mmid parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>21032</td><td>Missing Parameter</td><td>otp: Required parameter missing</td><td>Ensure that the otp parameter is not blank.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31001</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>order_id:Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the order_id parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31002</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>currency: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the currency parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31003</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>amount:Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the amount parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31004</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>billing_name: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the billing_name parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31005</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>billing_address: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the billing_address parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31006</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>billing_city: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the billing_city parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31007</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>billing_state: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the billing_state parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31008</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>billing_zip: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the billing_zip parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31009</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>billing_country: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the billing_country parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31010</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>billing_tel: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the billing_tel parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31011</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>billing_email: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the billing_email parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31012</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>delivery_name: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the delivery_name parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31013</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>delivery_address: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the delivery_address parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31014</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>delivery_city: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the billing_city parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31015</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>delivery_state: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the delivery_state parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31016</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>delivery_zip: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the delivery_zip parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31017</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>delivery_country: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the delivery_country parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31018</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>delivery_tel: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the delivery_tel parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31020</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>card_name: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the card_name parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31021</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>card_type: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the card_type parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31022</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>payment_option: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the payment_option parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31023</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>card_number: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the card_number parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31024</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>expiry_month: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the expiry_month parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31025</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>expiry_year: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the expiry_year parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31026</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>cvv_number: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the cvv_number parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31027</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>issuing_bank: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the issuing_bank parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31028</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>emi_plan_id: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the emi_plan_id parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31029</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>emi_tenure_id: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the emi_tenure_id parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31030</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>order_uid: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the order_uid parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31031</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>mm_id: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the mm_id parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31032</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>otp: Invalid Parameter</td><td>Ensure that the otp parameter is not Invalid.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>31034</td><td>Invalid Parameter</td><td>Selected EMI facility is not valid for entered card</td><td>As verified by bank EMI transactions are not enabled on this card.</td></tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
